# Smart-Device-Simulator-VR
Dissertation work for BS degree in Tsinghua University

## Abstract

The popularization of smart interconnected devices makes people’s lives more convenient. However, Cross-Device Interaction has become the challenge for the inconsistency of each device platform. At the same time, people often have trouble with Situational Impairments(SIID) due to the influence of some secondary information, which prevents people receiving the current main information normally. But the above two problems, for the reason of specific experimental scenarios and cost issues, are relatively inefficient to be explored in physical space. This paper proposes an adaptive display man- ager to help users in different SIID, the manager can automatically provide users with the current optimal content, without manually switching the information. It is of great signif- icance for the exploration of future interactions.

The main work of this paper is divided into three parts. This paper uses unity to have the main logic development of the platform, and communicate with the VR device on the client computer; Then the paper uses the Multivariate Linear Regression method for designing score-based adaptive decision model, based on the user data, which includes the score, the size of the device, the visibility, the distance and angle. And the model can automatically adjust content attachment and methods; A non-adaptive and adaptive mode comparison experiment is designed to watch videos under the condition of different secondary information. The user’s performance is analyzed by RM-ANOVA and Wilcoxon signed rank test. After the experiment, user interview was required.

User experiment results show that under the condition of limited visual and auditory perception, users have a better performance of understanding of video information through adaptive methods. The user said that the adaptive interaction method can be applied to specific scenarios such as multi-users, hospital, conference, etc., and feel that this kind of adaptive interaction method is comfortable and natural.
